Required
  XML Encryption
  groupchat should log presence changes
  gcuserview: proper sorting of contacts based on status / alphabetical (like ContactView)
  server info:
    show server version in tooltip
    ssl information dialog (show cert and maybe connection info)
  local contact settings:
    checkboxes for accepting various things: messages; files; URLs; chats \
      [each has a checkbox option: only from my contact list, or... only from this GROUP on my contact list]
    be alerted when the contact changes status or comes online (etc)
    option: ignore headline messages (die MSN)
    annotations (notes about the user)
    log history or not
  activity log window
    high level logging of connection status, presence changes, messages
    timestamps
    "find" feature
  Richtext messages
  revamp history system: ability to restore entire chats, show in normal order, not reverse
  "properties" dialog (could be last entry in cvlist context) for setting groups and subscription, etc. \
    it could also show client time / version
  file downloading
    nice dialog
    after file received, there should be the options: "Open" and "Open folder"
    put each received file into a folder for the contact (optional)
    if a specific directory is chosen, the dialog should have a history of the most recent download \
      folders (10 maybe?)
  Advanced Alerts (sound, popups, etc)
  Ignore list
  plugin system

Important
  'find' feature for chatdlg
  checkbox to keep eventdlg open (both send and recv).  for send, it should reset the content after sending.
  statussetdlg should automatically click ok in 10 seconds (unless you press a key)
  ability to flag which accounts are affected by the mass status change button (should be in account context menu)
  cv: group headings should have a better design than just a rectangle (gradient?)
  add "Go to Website" and x:oob in presence
  ability to do various iq requests to arbitrary jids:  version, time, info
  multi-monitor support: windows should pop up on the same display as the main window?
  merge all contacts into one column, rather than dividing by account
  consolidated contacts
  send contacts
  save/load contacts (hint: use QCheckListItem for dialogs)
    exporting
      dialog for selecting contacts to export to file
      write to file
    importing
      import a list from file
      dialog for selecting contacts to import
      tell the server about the new contacts
      check for dups
  offline animation (door slam)
  chathistorydlg
    a nice window to display chat history
    maybe a menubar with some features like "save to file" ?
    show/hide times
    show/hide/rename other person (for privacy)
  floating contacts (controlled by cvlist?)
  full message archive dialog (tree/explorer view for choosing contacts on left, display area on the right).
  Update all (mass user info check)
  Detecting network connection status.  option to auto-connect when network is available.
  startup argument to select profile
  ability to execute a shell command on event
  option to display (in realtime) the cvlist as 'flat', ie without groups
  voice chat
  option to launch on startup (platform dependent, good luck)
  different color choices for different group types
  transport-specific roster icons
  deal with presence errors when subscribing
  command line args?  psi.exe --psi-data dir
  have separate status presets depending on the status type

Extra
  ability to flag a contact or group to always be shown even if they would not be (due to visibility toggles)
  allow eventdlg and chatdlg inputs to drag / drop URLs (in both directions)
  translation packs for the Qt library itself??
  check to see if app is already running when launched.  if it is, then:
    ask if they really want to open it again
    if they say yes, then disable auto-open for profiles
  save presence changes to history?
  win32: docking (all optional)
    grapple to edge of screen, like ICQ for windows
    auto hide: after a certain period of inactivity, "slide" the window off the screen
    auto hide delay: time to wait before sliding off
  right-click in chat/eventdlg should have options to paste your current URL or IP address
  KDE-enhanced mode
  "previous" button in the eventdlg?
  Autoresponses?  (with general and customized texts)
  auto close chat windows that are not in focus after so many minutes of inactivity
  The Main Window's Icon should change when new messages arrive, just like the dock icon does.
  Ability to filter messages based on words (maybe even shell command filters)
  Ability to compose messages and send at a later specific date (or when you or the recipient go online)
  option to autohide main roster window after a set period of time
  supporting BOLD and ITALIC in jabber msges by using * and / like you do in newsgroups ..
  Licq supports replacing some %<letter>s with information on the sender of the
    message and other things. (There's a list below) IT supports these in
    OnEvent, auto responses (check status), and utilities
    For example: sound player "~/scripts/say", on message "%a has just sent you an I.C.Q. message"
      %a - user alias
      %e - email
      %f - first name
      %h - phone number
      %i - user ip
      %l - last name
      %m - # pending messages
      %n - full name
      %o - last seen online
      %O - online since
      %p - user port
      %s - full status
      %S - abbreviated status
      %u - uin
      %w - webpage
  Ability to specify an arbitrary time for chatdlgs to stay active (x minutes/hours/days)
  "small mode" - put mainwin buttons (and toolbuttons) into the cvlist right-click
  option to have sounds not play when XA (but still play when Away)
  option to have mainwin/dock status follow a specific account rather than "best choice"
  option to show status message in parenthesis to the right of the contact (like yahoo)
  ability to "auto-reconnect" to a transport?
  cv: let the user choose how the list is sorted
  group ideas:
    option: sort or not
    choose order of groups and contacts with drag and drop
    save order on the server
    support empty groups that get removed on signoff
  Have a way of marking some people as 'important' contacts, so they will always trigger sound
  psuedo-chat support like Mirabilis ICQ / Licq (ie, split window, but still used like normal messages)
  friendlier infodlg.  get rid of those lame tabs
  cvlist sorting options
    sort by group, online/offline split
    sort by group, online/offline together
    sort by group and by status
    sort by group and alphanumerically
    sort by status without groups
    sort alphanumerically without groups
      sort by online/offline
      straight alphanumerical sort
  cvlist select multiple?
  right-clicking on status button should bring up a list of accounts, each with submenus that would set \
    the status of the chosen account.
  option to have psi remember your password for the running session
  Remember last status when psi quits (even if improperly shut down).  restore this status when psi is run again?
  if you get a msg from someone in a closed group, it should not expand the whole group
  "diskless" mode

Bugs
  connection timeouts are reported as "connection refused" (qt)
  slowdown when receiving a chat message?  or a problem with QTextEdit debug messages?

Miscellaneous
  properly sort cvlist accounts if one of them gets renamed
  class Options: cpp'ify (reset, toXml, fromXml)
  convert some of the preferences into their own classes (or lists), like fonts, colors, sounds, etc
  'find' function in historydlg should show the found result in the center of 50 results, rather than the top
  Check for libqssl without needing a restart?
  replies should only close a window that it is associated with (use QGuardedPtr?)
  don't allow send/recv of blank messages (all content is whitespace or empty)
  allow blank password entry
  don't prompt for password until actually connected.  reprompt if wrong??
  proper dialog button order depending on platform
  when entering a text string into "Server to browse", any whitespace before or after is not trimmed.  lots of \
    fields like this should have some sort of auto-trim.
  when opening a new chat window of a contact with pending events, the presence is logged to the chat window \
    before the messages are, which have an earlier timestamp (looks weird)
